h1. Hyperpublic API PHP Wrapper

p. Much to come including proper documentation and tests.

h2. Simple Usage

p. A developer can interact with the Hyperpublic API and this PHP library by using a number of methods on a Hyperpublic object. The available methods are @show@, @find@, and @create@. A Hyperpublic object can be either a person (@people@), a place (@places@), or a thing (@thing@).

h2. Some Examples

p. First we need to create a connection to Hyperpublic using your API keys.

bc. $hyperpublic = new Hyperpublic(CONSUMER_KEY,CONSUMER_SECRET);

p. Returns a person with the ID 4.

bc. $me = $hyperpublic->people->show(4);

p. It would be easy to return a place with the above snippet by just swapping "people" for "places".

p. The following returns a search for people tagged "developer".

bc. $developers = $hyperpublic->people->find(array('tags' => 'developer'));

p. Say we want to narrow that search to a neighborhood and return no more than 10.

bc. $brooklynDevs = $hyperpublic->people->find(array('tags' => 'developer', 'location[neighborhood]' => 'williamsburg', 'limit' => '10'));

p. Let's create a place.

bc. $myHouse = $hyperpublic->place->create(array('name' => 'my house','category' => 'home','tag_list' => '["cat","nintendo wii","coffee","brooklyn"]'));

p. Check out @example.php@ for more detailed examples.

p. Please join the "Hyperpublic API mailing list":http://groups.google.com/group/hyperpublic-api-developers?pli=1 for the most recent information. Further documentation may be found at "http://developers.hyperpublic.com":http://developers.hyperpublic.com. 